README.md, before:

[![General Assembly Logo](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/1a91b05b8f4d44b5bbfb83abac2b0996d8e26c92/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6b6538555354712e706e67)](https://generalassemb.ly/education/web-development-immersive)

# Challenge Title

Description of problem.

## Prerequisites

-   None

## Setup

1.  Fork and clone this repository.
1.  Change into the new directory.
1.  Install dependencies.
1.  Create and checkout a new branch to work on.
1.  Fulfill the listed requirements.

Starter code is available in the [`lib`](lib) directory.
A pull request is not required,
but it is necessary if you want a code review.

You may wish to refer to [FAQs](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/meta/wiki/)
related to [forking,
cloning](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/meta/wiki/ForkAndClone).

## Instructions -- Requirements

Instructions here.

## Instructions -- Bonus

Bonus challenge for those who finish early.

## [License](LICENSE)

Source code distributed under the MIT license. Text and other assets copyright
General Assembly, Inc., all rights reserved.

Commit message:

Add Rubocop, Rspec directions to README

README.md, after:

[![General Assembly Logo](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/1a91b05b8f4d44b5bbfb83abac2b0996d8e26c92/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6b6538555354712e706e67)](https://generalassemb.ly/education/web-development-immersive)

# Challenge Title

Description of problem.

## Prerequisites

-   None

## Setup

1.  Fork and clone this repository.
1.  Change into the new directory.
1.  Install dependencies.
1.  Create and checkout a new branch to work on.
1.  Fulfill the listed requirements.

Starter code is available in the [`lib`](lib) directory.
A pull request is not required,
but it is necessary if you want a code review.

You may wish to refer to [FAQs](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/meta/wiki/)
related to [forking,
cloning](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/meta/wiki/ForkAndClone).

## Instructions -- Requirements

Instructions here.

You should be running `rubocop` before diagnosing any bugs, since it finds
 some of the most common sources of errors.
After `rubocop` passes _your_ code (ignore any warnings about `spec_helper`),
 you should run `rspec` to run the included tests, which will tell you
 whether or not you've met requirements.

## Instructions -- Bonus

Bonus challenge for those who finish early.

## [License](LICENSE)

Source code distributed under the MIT license. Text and other assets copyright
General Assembly, Inc., all rights reserved.
